Better tie-breaking during shoot-out phase (#42)
RoboCup-SSL/ssl-rules: chapters/shootout.adoc

Both teams alternately attempt to score a goal with a <<Penalty Kick, penalty kick>> until each team has performed 5 attempts.
If both teams have the same score after those 5 attempts, each team takes another attempt in the same order as before until the score of the two teams is different.

Only up to one attacking robot and one keeper is allowed per team.
During a shoot-out attempt, the attacking robot and the opponent keeper are the only ones allowed to move and <<Ball Manipulation, manipulate the ball>>.
Other robots are not allowed to interfere.

If a team is clearly not able to prepare for a <<Penalty Kick, penalty kick>>, a goal is automatically awarded to the opposing team.

Robots may be <<Robot Substitution, substituted>> between shoot-out attempts.
The new robot may be put in right away.

NOTE: Note that <<Timeouts, timeouts>> are not allowed during shoot-out.

> NOTE: The human referee can give both teams a certain amount of time (like 5min) to change their system at any time, if there is no clear progress in determining a winner (like after 10 shoot-outs, or if both teams time out doing shoot-outs). This can be applied multiple times, if needed, to eventually determine a winner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If there is no clear progress in determining a winner (after 10 shoot-outs, if both teams time out doing shoot-outs, or if both teams cannot prepare and execute the pelanty kick), the human referee can give both teams a certain amount of time (like 5min) to change their system. This time can be applied multiple times, if needed, to eventually determine a winner.
```

Author: sounds good, except for the typo in "pelanty kick" ;)
